[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
DÉJÀ VU
[tense music]
[screams]
Was that you screaming?
It's a…
Sissi, what's all this about?
It's Aelita Stones, Jim.
She isn't feeling well.
What about you? You're not sleeping.
Me?
[hesitates]
Well… She… woke me up.
Aelita, what's going on?
[panting]
It's… nothing
Okay, go back to bed everybody, go on.
[theme music]
[Aelita] It was daytime, there were
these men in black coming after me…
It was horrible!
You must've had a nightmare.
You shouldn't get worked up,
it happens to everyone.
Yeah, that's right.
Happens to me all the time.
One night,
I dreamt I was on a date with Sissi!
Can you think of a worse dream?
Speaking of which,
how's your Internet dating going, Odd?
Great! There's this fantastic girl
I've totally flipped over, too.
And I just found out that she's a student
right here at Kadic Academy!
It's totally crazy!
I see her every day
and I have no idea who she is!
And what's worse, he stayed up all night
exchanging chat messages with her!
I didn't sleep at all, thanks to him.
She sends me
these messages that are so romantic!
I mean, like poems.
Listen to this:
"Love… is not looking at one another"…
"It's looking together in
the same direction," huh?
Hey… How do you know that?
It's a poem by the guy who wrote
The Little Prince.
[Jeremy] She may be romantic,
but she's not very original!
Okay, time to get wet.
Are you gonna cut swimming again,
Einstein?
No, I can't.
Jim has already warned me:
[Jeremy imitating Jim]
"No more dumb excuses, you hear?"
Great! We'll finally get to see that
buff athletic body of yours!
[Odd] I can't wait!
You may be surprised.
[Jim] The human body is made up
of 90% water,
and that is why it floats.
Because, contrary to what you might think,
water floats!
Don't forget Archimedes' principle:
"Any body plunged into a liquid…
is…" [hesitating]
Comes out wet?
Yeah, right… No!
That's not it…
Now, no one has to be scared of the water.
Unless, of course, you're lost at sea
in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
In that case,
you would certainly have the right to say,
"Wow, that's a lot of water…"
-Tania? Hmm…
-[Jim] ...and what's more…
-it's only on the surface…
-I know who it is! Yeah sure, it's Sophie!
She kind of fits the profile
of all those chat messages.
What makes you think it's a girl
in our class?
It might just as easily be
Milly or Tamiya.
[Jim] …which reminds me
of when I was a salvage diver…
You used to be a salvage diver, Jim?
I'd rather not talk about it.
Azra? No…
No way, she's not
a first-year student either, I forgot.
Maybe she's in Yumi's class.
[laughs]
What if it's Anais Fiquet?
Next to her, you're a real shrimp.
Stern, Della Robbia!
I'm sorry if I'm boring you!
All right, on deck!
[Jim] Let's see what you can do!
[grunts]
You okay?
Uh-huh.
[menacing music]
[gasps]
Aelita!
[theme music]
This time it was much more detailed.
There were still the men in black,
but I was at the Hermitage…
The doctor said you passed out from
the cold.
That may be but… What about the visions?
Where are they coming from, Jeremy?
I haven't the slightest idea.
Although, I'm sure that it's no big deal.
The best thing is
for you to get some rest now.
We'll talk about it later.
Right, I've got to go, I'm already late.
Us too, Mrs. Hertz is gonna kill us!
Wait a minute!
I'm just about to find out who she is.
Come on, Odd, you can talk
to your cyber girlfriend after class!
Take the computer with you.
Thanks.
See you in a bit, Aelita!
I'll come and check on you after science.
[gasps]
[school bell ringing]
Hey! Can't you look where you're going,
you clumsy dork?
Oh, sorry Sissi,
I mistook you for a doorpost!
Hey, she's in our class!
She said that she has science now
with Mrs. Hertz!
Odd, pass me the computer,
I forgot to check something!
Settle down and be quiet, please!
Open your books to page 99.
[digital whirring]
Oh no, an activated tower!
Ma'am? Can I… go to the bathroom?
-Me too?
Oh, no you don't!
It's always the same with you three!
You should have gone before class!
[Mrs. Hertz] And put that computer away,
before I take it away!
[sinister music]
[Mrs. Hertz] Mercury freezes at 38 degrees
below zero Celsius.
[Mrs. Hertz] At room temperature,
it is therefore in a liquid state.
[Mrs. Hertz] We use it in certain devices
such as thermometers, for instance,
because it expands with heat…
[eerie music]
[gasps]
[playing "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"]
[Aelita gasps]
[Aelita to self] Calm down, Aelita.
[Mrs. Hertz] It's also a very heavy metal,
which means…
What?
Sissi?
[stammering]
It means…
that a pound of metal weighs…
nearly a ton?
[students laugh]
[bell rings]
[student] Let's get out of here.
[Jeremy] Warn Yumi!
I'll go get Aelita.
We'll meet up at the factory.
[tense music]
[gasps]
[Aelita to self] Calm down!
Aelita?
[Jeremy] Hmm?
[phone rings]
Jeremy?
Aelita? Where are you?
At the Hermitage!
But you should be resting!
These visions are haunting me.
I've gotta know where they're coming from.
Right, anyway, listen.
You oughta know
that XANA is on the offensive.
The others are already at the factory.
Don't move, I'll come and get you!
I'm big enough
to make it to the factory by myself!
Okay, but hurry!
[screams]
-[man] Aelita.
-[Aelita gasps]
Come, quickly!
Hello?
Is anyone there?
[eerie music]
[screams]
[music crescendos]
This way.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Just 30 seconds more,
and you can head for the scanners!
What's Aelita up to?
She said she'd be right over.
I should've gone to pick her up.
Ah, there you are at last!
[Odd] Hey Cinderella,
we said midnight on the dot!
Aelita, are you okay?
[panting]
I… had some more visions!
I saw a man… and it was…
Who?
Franz Hopper!
Huh? Are you sure?
I know it sounds crazy…
But I'm sure it was him!
-What if this is XANA's offensive?
-What?
I mean… These strange visions…
Exactly! XANA is perfectly capable
of stimulating your cerebral cortex
through the virus that links you to him.
And from that,
he can paradoxically simulate in you
an artificial sleep,
and the involuntary psychic activity
that goes with it.
In short, you mean,
XANA is showing you free movies.
But why?
Let's not hang around to find out.
Let's go deactivate the tower!
[action music]
[Jeremy] Ulrich and Odd first.
Transfer, Odd.
Transfer, Ulrich.
Scanner, Odd.
Scanner, Ulrich.
Virtualization!
[Jeremy] The activated tower is due south.
[Jeremy] Here come your vehicles!
Virtualization!
[Jeremy] Okay, you're all there now.
Don't waste any time!
[sighs]
Coming, Aelita?
[Jeremy] XANA's monsters up ahead,
you see them?
We'd have to be as nearsighted as you
not to see them!
Odd, you handle the Blocks!
Yumi and I will
take care of the Tarantulas!
[Odd] You got it!
Ground and air attack.
[lasers blasting]
Piece of cake!
[grunting]
[explosion]
What's going on?
The Transporter!
[Jeremy] But I didn't call it up!
[Jeremy] Aelita, what are you doing?
Sorry, Jeremy, but I want some answers!
I have to find out where these
visions are coming from!
Aelita, don't do it, it's a trap!
[grunting]
[explosion]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[Ulrich] Way to go, Yumi.
[Jeremy] XANA's succeeded!
Aelita's gone to Sector Five!
You have to get there, fast!
[theme music]
[digital beeping]
[suspenseful music]
[whooshing]
[Jeremy] Hollister system, connected.
[all grunting]
[Odd] The corridor is still there!
That's because the countdown
is still ticking, hurry!
[gasps]
[Jeremy] Oh no!
Aelita! The Scyphozoa is taking over
Aelita's memory!
We're almost there!
[Odd] Great, a leapfrog contest!
There's only one way.
One…
Two…
Three!
[grunting]
Hurry up!
Do you think this is easy?
At this rate, we'll never make it in time!
Odd, mind telling me what you're doing?
[whispers]
Saving the day.
Yes!
Odd!
[Jeremy] Odd… are you okay?
Sector Five is even worse
than Mrs. Hertz's class!
[Jeremy] Only ten seconds
before the end of the countdown!
[grunting]
Let's go, princess.
[tense music]
Here comes the elevator!
Now!
As soon as you get to the Celestial Dome,
get out of Sector Five
and head for the Desert Sector, fast!
Okay, Aelita?
[digital beeping]
Aelita, what did I tell you?
We're not getting any data!
You have to deactivate the tower!
[Ulrich] Aelita!
This will only take a few seconds.
It's one of XANA's traps!
He created these visions
to lure you to Sector Five!
Give me the controls!
[Jeremy] Do you hear me?
Aelita!
[Jeremy] Ulrich, Yumi,
drag her outta there by force!
[Yumi] What do you want us to do,
knock her out?
It won't be necessary,
I'll find what I'm looking for!
Aelita!
Even if you do find
the origin of these visions,
what's the point if XANA takes your memory
away from you?
[laser blasts]
[gasps]
I'm almost there!
Yumi, Ulrich, we got trouble!
The Scyphozoa's got Aelita!
[Ulrich] We gotta deal
with the Flying Mantas first!
Yeah!
Hurry up,
Aelita's about to lose all her memory!
[gasping]
[moaning]
You okay, Aelita?
It's time you deactivated the tower.
[Jeremy] The tunnel's open!
[theme music]
[ethereal music]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[both exhale]
[Yumi] Hi, Aelita!
Well, any more visions?
Gone!
You see? It was just a trap, made in XANA.
I guess… But I still would really like
to know where those memories came from.
I think that
XANA must've made the whole thing up.
Or maybe the memories
came from someone else,
implanted in you by XANA
in order to scare you.
That could be it…
It's very strange though…
I was really under the impression
that I was reliving the events
that I was seeing!
That, however, can't be.
Yes, I know.
So, Odd, how's your cyber sweetheart?
She is too cool!
I've really got it bad this time, guys.
-I'm gonna meet her.
-When?
Now, at the vending machines!
Later!
[gasps]
[Odd] I don't believe this!
[Ulrich] So, Odd, your fantastic girl?
What's she like?
[hesitates]
Surprising.
So…
Did you meet your mystery
computer boyfriend? What's he like?
If he's a mystery, why would I tell you,
you dork?
What's the matter with you?
You act as if you never saw me before!
Never like that.
[theme music]